DOC-2463: `preventDefault` on mousedown on toolbar buttons was causing misplaced focus bugs. (#3412)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/7.3-release-notes.adoc

{productname} {release-version} also includes the following bug fix<es>:

=== `preventDefault` on mousedown on toolbar buttons was causing misplaced focus bugs.
// #TINY-10638

In previous versions of {productname}, the `preventDefault` on mousedown in the toolbar button component caused focus issues. As a consequence, when clicking on different toolbar buttons, the focus was not updated, leaving the initial button highlighted.

> {productname} {release-version} addresses this issue by removing the `preventDefault`, which allows the focus to change as expected with user actions, such as mouse clicks or tab navigation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{productname} {release-version} addresses this issue by removing the `preventDefault`, allowing the focus to change as expected when users click on the image controls (ie. zoom in and out).
```

> change as expected with user actions.

this statement is not exactly correct, from the ticket, the user expected the focus (box-shadow) to change when clicking on the image and clicking on other buttons, this fix only addresses the focus to change when user clicks on the image control buttons
